01. Basic Problems/Readme.md, before:

# Basic Problems

- This list consists of problems of basic level which does not require any DSA concepts.
- The fundamental concepts such as data types, variables, operators, typecasting, if..else, loops, break, continue and methods are only required.
- Click on the problem to get the problem statement, test cases and code.

## Problems List

1. [Positive or negative number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-01.md)
2. [Even or odd number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-02.md)
3. [Sum of first n natural numbers](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-03.md)
4. [Sum of numbers in given range](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-04.md)
5. [Greatest of two numbers](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-05.md)
6. [Greatest of three numbers](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-06.md)
7. [Leap year](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-07.md)
8. [Prime number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-08.md)
9. [Prime numbers in a given range](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-09.md)
10. [Sum of digits of a number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-10.md)
11. [Reverse a number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-11.md)
12. [Palindrome number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-12.md)
13. [Armstrong number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-13.md)
14. [Armstrong numbers within the range](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-14.md)
15. [Fibonacci series upto n terms](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-15.md)
16. [Factorial of a number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-16.md)
17. [Power of a number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-17.md)
18. [Factors of a number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-18.md)
19. [Prime factors of a number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-19.md)
20. [Strong number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-20.md)
21. [Perfect number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-21.md)
22. [GCD or HCF](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-22.md)
23. [LCM](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-23.md)
24. [Binary to decimal](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-24.md)
25. [Octal to decimal](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-25.md)
26. [Sum of even and odd digits](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-26.md)

Commit message:

Updated basic problems and added top 100 problems list

01. Basic Problems/Readme.md, after:

# Basic Problems

**Prerequisite**

- Data types and variables
- Conditional statements
- Looping statements
- Methods
- Arrays and strings (for some approaches)

## Problems List

1. [Positive or negative number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-01.md)
2. [Even or odd number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-02.md)
3. [Sum of first n natural numbers](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-03.md)
4. [Sum of numbers in given range](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-04.md)
5. [Greatest of two numbers](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-05.md)
6. [Greatest of three numbers](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-06.md)
7. [Leap year](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-07.md)
8. [Prime number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-08.md)
9. [Prime numbers in a given range](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-09.md)
10. [Sum of digits of a number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-10.md)
11. [Reverse a number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-11.md)
12. [Palindrome number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-12.md)
13. [Armstrong number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-13.md)
14. [Armstrong numbers within the range](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-14.md)
15. [Fibonacci series upto n terms](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-15.md)
16. [Factorial of a number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-16.md)
17. [Power of a number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-17.md)
18. [Factors of a number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-18.md)
19. [Prime factors of a number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-19.md)
20. [Strong number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-20.md)
21. [Perfect number](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-21.md)
22. [GCD or HCF](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-22.md)
23. [LCM](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-23.md)
24. [Binary to decimal](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-24.md)
25. [Octal to decimal](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-25.md)
26. [Sum of even and odd digits](https://github.com/TheParthMaru/Problem-Solving-Mastery/blob/main/01.%20Basic%20Problems/Test%20cases%20and%20code/basic-problem-26.md)
